and this one today under my video camera
we have the cat game capture hd
let's start immediately with the unboxing of this one
small is very practical
acquisition the box of this game
capsules and very appealing as
opens as if it were a book is in
first, of course, we find the
acquisition card that really is
very small that will go to see in
followed is on the left we find
let's say a little magician's bed
instructions on how to start using
our new game capture
take a moment the card
take a quick look at it is
let's put it a little aside because
I want to analyze the content first
of the box
we open it is this space that is found below
precisely the acquisition and back
we will find many accessories now
we're going to analyze one by one
the endowment of this game capture is
very rich first we can
note the data cable that goes from usb
standard that allows connection to
pc to mini usb
after we find the hdmi cable is really a
very short cable I always recommend
buy 2 and then you will understand why
is then we find the adapter for per
the ps3, that is, a connector goes
track is another connector and to the scale
tradition via jack s video and then
this component adapter can
be used with the xbox in the event not
we have precisely xbox with hdmi output
let us now analyze the game
capsule hd is really a very card
very small I have never seen card
acquisition that records in high
definition of these dimensions
however as you can see is the
box was covered with this
casing that protected it from scratches
the card is a lot during transport
elegant finished with this glossy black
and on the top we can find
the game capture hd and delegate logo
the cans the end we can find
the dvi and hdmi inputs in and turning the
tab on the other side we can find
obviously the HDMI output and the input
usb to power it and to connect it to
pc as you have noticed in this
acquisition card not by cable of
supply
this simply because
the acquisition card is fed
through five times they come from
pc thanks to usb cable
only sore point in accessories
of this acquisition card not
a second hdmi cable is given but ne
only one is given
so if we would like to use maybe
the ps3 to make the record we want to record
hdmi cable themes and we don't have a cable
hdmi at home we have to buy it for
force another so this is the only one
neo but if we already have one
console connected with the hdmi cable to
our tv we shouldn't have
this is not a problem at all
it was all about this new card
acquisition if you are curious if this
acquisition card can register the
gameplay coming from the pc the answer
is yes and look at the link description that
I did a beautiful tutorial if the
video liked invitation leave me not
like it's bye bye